Update NVIDIA GPU docs. Removing the OS part (#345)
rancher/rke2-docs: docs/advanced.md

> The [NVIDIA operator](https://github.com/NVIDIA/gpu-operator) allows administrators of Kubernetes clusters to manage GPUs just like CPUs. It includes everything needed for pods to be able to operate GPUs.

Reviewer: lets link directly to their docs, instead of the project page
```suggestion
The [NVIDIA operator](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/gpu-operator/latest/index.html) allows administrators of Kubernetes clusters to manage GPUs just like CPUs. It includes everything needed for pods to be able to operate GPUs.
```

### Host OS requirements ###

> To expose the GPU to the pod correctly, the nvidia kernel drivers and the `libnvidia-ml` library must be correctly installed in the host OS. The installation of the drivers and library is out of the scope of this document and we recommend to use the official documentation of each distribution. The NVIDIA operator can automatically install the kernel drivers but this is limited to specific OS distributions and versions. Therefore, we recommend installing the driver before deploying the NVIDIA operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To expose the GPU to the pod correctly, the NVIDIA kernel drivers and the `libnvidia-ml` library must be correctly installed in the host OS. The NVIDIA Operator can automatically install kernel drivers on some operating systems; check the NVIDIA documentation for information on [supported operating system releases](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/gpu-operator/latest/platform-support.html#supported-operating-systems-and-kubernetes-platforms). Installation of the correct drivers and libraries on your host OS is out of the scope of this document; reference the NVIDIA documentation for instructions.
```

Author: Your wording looks always better than mine :)

After one minute approximately, you can make the following checks to verify that everything worked as expected:

1 - Assuming the drivers and `libnvidia-ml.so` library were previously installed, check if the operator detects them correctly:
```
kubectl get node $NODENAME -o jsonpath='{.metadata.labels}' | grep "nvidia.com/gpu.deploy.driver"
```
You should see the value `pre-installed`. If you see `true`, the drivers were not correctly installed. If the [pre-requirements](#host-os-requirements) were correct, it is possible that you forgot to reboot the node after installing all packages.

> You can also check other driver laberls with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also check other driver labels with:
```
